# PETCT-Prediction
Clinical records gathered from hospitalized patients have been in the rise during recent years due to continuous improvements in medical technology and since it has become more accessible to more hospitals around the world. Medical results reported from doctors and from medical instruments are highly important to use for detection, preferably in early stages, for a presence or suspicion of a severe disease. Many diseases are still being studied today by doctors to find a proper medical solution to treat patients efficiently and to understand better its characteristics. Patients undergo examinations for detecting illnesses. These examinations include scans such as Positron Emission Tomography (PET), Computed Tomography (CT), Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and Ultrasound. Doctors evaluate the scans, explain the diagnosis results and suggest types of treatment options to the patients. Recent studies in Cancer prediction have yet proposed a proper practical solution for helping doctors achieve accurate diagnoses with additional and profounding insights on deadly diseases to offer optimal treatments.

The goal of this paper is to significantly increase the understandings of disease characteristics and diagnosis efficiency of Cancer to supply the best and most accurate treatment path which is unique for each patient. We present in this paper a classification and prediction system for identifying and predicting severity levels of cancer in 10 different sectors of the body. This method automatically analyzes PET-CT pathology reports of patients. It indicates the patients current medical state and future cases for diagnosed predictions with very high confidence. Test-Time Augmentation (TTA) is applied for enlarging essential information retrieval and robustness to the model while maintaining inference time. A large institutional report repository is used from a hospital to extract the semantics of the most contributing factors indicating the patients’ physical and mental condition impacted by their disease. Results demonstrate higher performance by AUC evaluation criteria of the TTA model outperforming the baseline model.
